README.md, before:

# Kontext.TECH
Learn Hadoop from Kontext Hadoop column.

[Kontext Hadoop Column](https://kontext.tech/column/hadoop)

# Hadoop 3.3.1 winutils
> All these binaries are provided for test & learning purposes.

[Hadoop 3.3.1 winutils](https://kontext.tech/column/hadoop/825/hadoop-331-winutils)

For Hadoop 3.3.1 winutils, please download from [hadoop-3.3.1/bin](./hadoop-3.3.1/bin)

# Other versions
All the versions prior to 3.3.0 are directly forked from https://github.com/cdarlint/winutils.

# Build Hadoop on Windows 10 guide
Follow this link to compile and build Hadoop by yourself.

- [Compile and Build Hadoop 3.2.1 on Windows 10 Guide](https://kontext.tech/column/hadoop/378/compile-and-build-hadoop-321-on-windows-10-guide)

# Installation guides
- [Install Hadoop 3.3.0 on Windows 10 Step by Step Guide (without WSL)](https://kontext.tech/column/hadoop/447/install-hadoop-330-on-windows-10-step-by-step-guide)
- [Install Hadoop 3.3.0 on Windows 10 using WSL (similar as installation on Linux)](https://kontext.tech/column/hadoop/445/install-hadoop-330-on-windows-10-using-wsl)

Commit message:

Updated link to build via Docker tutorial.

README.md, after:

# Kontext.TECH
Learn Hadoop from Kontext Hadoop column.

[Kontext Hadoop Column](https://kontext.tech/column/hadoop)

# Hadoop 3.3.1 winutils
> All these binaries are provided for test & learning purposes.

[Hadoop 3.3.1 winutils](https://kontext.tech/column/hadoop/825/hadoop-331-winutils)

For Hadoop 3.3.1 winutils, please download from [hadoop-3.3.1/bin](./hadoop-3.3.1/bin)

# Other versions
All the versions prior to 3.3.0 are directly forked from https://github.com/cdarlint/winutils.

# Build Hadoop on Windows 10 guide
Follow this link to compile and build Hadoop by yourself.

- [Compile and Build Hadoop 3.2.1 on Windows 10 Guide](https://kontext.tech/column/hadoop/378/compile-and-build-hadoop-321-on-windows-10-guide)

# Build Hadoop on Windows 10 via Docker
Follow this link to compile and build Hadoop by yourself using Docker Desktop for Windows.

- [Build Latest Hadoop on Windows 10 natively via Docker](https://kontext.tech/article/1219/build-latest-hadoop-on-windows-10-natively-via-docker)


# Installation guides
- [Install Hadoop 3.3.0 on Windows 10 Step by Step Guide (without WSL)](https://kontext.tech/column/hadoop/447/install-hadoop-330-on-windows-10-step-by-step-guide)
- [Install Hadoop 3.3.0 on Windows 10 using WSL (similar as installation on Linux)](https://kontext.tech/column/hadoop/445/install-hadoop-330-on-windows-10-using-wsl)
